create Logo (#567)
PainterQubits/Unitful.jl: docs/src/index.md

    temperature differences.

See `test/runtests.jl` for more usage examples.

## About the logo

The logo is a pictorial representation of the [International Prototype of the Kilogram](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Prototype_of_the_Kilogram), which was the standard definition of one kilogram from 1889 to 2019,

> when it was replaced by a definition based on Planck constant, the speed of light and hyperfine transition frequency of <sup>133</sup>Cs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when it was replaced by a definition based on the Planck constant, the speed of light, and the ground-state hyperfine transition frequency of ¹³³Cs.
```
* Instead of `the Planck constant`, `Planck's constant` would also be possible.
* Instead of `the ground-state hyperfine transition`, the less specific `a hyperfine transition` would also be possible.
* Documenter.jl doesn’t render the HTML tags (at least on my computer, `<sup>133</sup>` just appears verbatim in the output), so I replaced it with unicode. We could also use the unabbreviated form `caesium-133` instead.
